# Lottery Game

## About Project

Hello, and welcome to the L-O-T-T-E-R-Y Game. This is a simple lottery game application made by using C++ programming language. By running the program...
You will be asked to enter 6 different numbers between the range of 1-40. Remember, each number can only be picked once. GOOD LUCK."

## Lottery Game main function

A circular doubly linked list Lottery is created with 40 nodes and a separate value is assigned to each node from 1 to 40 by using for loop

### Ask user numbers

To get user numbers, created a function named askUserNumbers that ask the user to enter 6 different numbers between 1-40. Program used array variable for store user numbers

- For valid input
  -- Please enter your first number between 1-40:
- If the input invalid
  -- Your number was INVALID, Enter another number between 1-40:

### Get lottery numbers

Lottery game program randomly print 6 lottery numbers, generated by using cmath library.

### Lottery list header

Here is only the lottery game program's result list header section function.

### Lottery game result

Lottery game program check userNumber and random lotteryNumber.....
then print a list of user entered numbers and random drawn numbers

1. CONGRATULATIONS! You matched all 6 numbers. You've won $100 million.
2. You missed the jackpot by one. You've won $100,000.
3. You matched 4 numbers. You've won $20,000.
4. You matched 3 numbers. You've won $250.
5. You matched 2 numbers. You've won $15.
6. You only matched 1 number. You get your money back.
7. You matched 0 numbers. ---Better luck next time---
